Deprecation/EOL clarification (#3333)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-versions.md

All dbt Core versions released prior to 1.0 and their version-specific documentation have been deprecated. If upgrading to a currently supported version, reference our [best practices for upgrading](#best-practices-for-upgrading)

## EOL version support 

> All dbt Core versions with the support level of EOL will no longer receive bug fixes. To continue receiving bug fixes, dbt Labs recommends upgrading to a newer version. 

Reviewer: sugg spelling this out as EOL isn't mentioned anywhere else other than this new header. also recommend using we since we use it in the 2nd paragraph. 

```suggestion
All dbt Core versions with the support level of End of Life (EOL) will no longer receive bug fixes. To continue receiving bug fixes, we recommend upgrading to a newer version. 
```

Author: good call on long form of EOL since it's the first use! 

i tend to use company name first, then use "we" in subsequent sentences. i also use "we" sparingly. "we" can be ambiguous so is not translation friendly. for example, "we" can mean the author and whoever is reading the page (vs dbt Labs)

> All dbt Core versions v1.0 and later are supported until further notice. In the future, we intend to align dbt Cloud support with dbt Core support. You will receive plenty of advance notice before any changes take place. 

Reviewer 2: We need to distinguish between:
- ongoing support for dbt Core versions (bug fixes & patches)
- availability of those versions in dbt Cloud

```suggestion
All dbt Core versions v1.0 and later are available in dbt Cloud until further notice. In the future, we intend to align dbt Cloud availability with dbt Core ongoing support. You will receive plenty of advance notice before any changes take place.
```
